OBSDOCS-3318 [DOC] Documentation for Perses Dashboard (#111992)
openshift/openshift-docs: ui_plugins/observability-ui-plugins-overview.adoc

* **Incident Detection:** The incident detection feature groups alerts into incidents to help you identify the root causes of alert bursts instead of being overwhelmed by individual alerts. It presents a timeline of incidents, color-coded by severity, and you can drill down into the individual alerts within an incident. The system also categorizes alerts by affected component to help you focus on the most critical areas first.

Perses dashboards::
The Perses dashboards feature integrates the open-source Perses dashboard

> tool with the {product-title} web console. You can create and manage custom
> dashboards through the *Observe -> Dashboards (Perses)* menu.
> 

Reviewer: Should this be aligned with the other bullets?
```suggestion
* **Perses Dashboards:**
The Perses dashboards feature integrates the open-source Perses dashboard editing capabilities with the OpenShift web console. You can create and manage custom dashboards through the *Observe -> Dashboards (Perses)* menu.

```
